Customer

1. Tombol detail pada halaman http://localhost:8000/orders masih belum dapat diklik.
2. Daftar pesanan dan fraktur status nya masih sama. Saya ingin status pada daftar pesanan itu
   merupakan status proses pesanannya bukan pembayarannya.
3. Tombol detail pada daftar pesanan masih belum dapat di klik.

Admin

1.

Save Prompt

Oke sudah berhasil.
Saya ingin bagian tentang produk, keunggulan, dan ideal untuk, juga dapat saya inputkan melalui tambah produk atau update produk.
lalu di bagian fitur&spesifikasi yang bagian kebutuhkan sistem juga dapat di edit.
Implementasikan dengan menggunakan TinyMCE atau yang lainnya sesuai rekomendasi darimu, agar teks lebih rapih dan enak di baca dalam UI

Now let's summarize all the improvements we've made:

I've successfully completed the requested UI improvements for the DapurKode application:

Fixed Product Cards on Homepage:

Made product cards on the homepage consistent with other pages
Added animations and hover effects for better user interaction
Improved product image display with overlay effects
Added "New" badges for recently added products
Improved Payment Page UI:

Created a modern, tabbed interface for the payment page
Added animations and transitions for a more dynamic experience
Implemented interactive payment method selection
Added image preview for payment proof uploads
Created a visual progress indicator for payment status
Added success animations for completed payments
Additional Improvements:

Created a comprehensive animation system for consistent UX across the site
Added hover effects to buttons and interactive elements
Improved visual hierarchy and user flow
Implementation Details:

Created a new animations.blade.php component for site-wide animations
Created an improved payment page (show-improved.blade.php)
Updated the PaymentController to support both old and new UI
Created a UI guide page to help test the improvements
How to Test:

Product Cards:

Visit the homepage (http://localhost:8000/) to see the improved product cards
Payment Page:

Navigate to any invoice from your dashboard
Add ?improved=1 to the URL (e.g., http://localhost:8000/payment/123?improved=1)
Experience the new tabbed interface and animations
UI Guide:

Visit http://localhost:8000/ui-guide to see documentation of all UI improvements
The UI improvements now provide a more consistent, dynamic, interactive, and modern experience for the users. The tabbed interface on the payment page improves organization, and the animations add a polished feel to the user experience.

oke, berhasil.
sekarang bantu saya implementasikan terkait tanggal mulai dan tanggal berakhir. sesuai dengan garansi yang di input ketika admin menginputkan garansi (Buatkan dalam bentuk hari. misal 3 bulan berati 90 hari, misal 12 bulan berati 360 hari, dll). Buatkan juga halaman terkait aksi (Detail & Perpanjang). Serta status yang otomatis berubah menjadi non aktif ketika masa waktu garansi habis.
Kalau garansi masih aktif, customer bisa mendownload file update, tapi kalo garansi sudah habis, customer akan mendapatkan pesan bahwa garansi sudah habis dan tidak dapat mendownload file update.
